Competitive Analysis

	The analysis of competitors’ web sites/platforms will focus on six main features (homepage, design, usability, networking, journey, personality). 
  The competitive analysis will utilize a numerical scale (1=bad, 2=poor, 3=fair, 4=good, 5=outstanding) and consists of five web sites/platforms
  chosen for their focus on portfolio building, personality display, and presenting knowledge through implementation.

	       OnRamp	LinkedIn   Handshake		Indeed	Sumry	AngelList
Homepage:	 5	   3	       5	      2	      3	        2
Design:      	 4	   3	       5	      1	      3	        1
Usability:       4	   4	       2	      2	      3	        3
Networking:	 4	   5	       4	      3	      3	        3
Journey:	 5	   2	       3	      2	      5	        2
Personality: 	 5	   3	       3	      1	      5	        1
Mean:	     	4.50  3.33	      3.67	   1.83	   3.67	     2.00

Expectations (how each platform is being compared):

    Homepage: Should be user-friendly to new and confused users. Should have a clear breakdown on how to navigate and begin their profile. 

    Design: Page(s) should catch users’ attention; information should not be cluttered. Buttons and other clickable links should be easy to identify, 
    and they should be useful. Should not have so many blank areas and should be consistent theme throughout the platform.
    Usability: How easy can a user begin their profile. Navigation through pages. How easy is it to follow fellow users and message them (if applicable).
    And is it ACCESSABLE for ALL types of users.

    Networking: Platform should allow users with a common profession/ interest connect and exchange information (their experiences) to 
    develop professional and/or even social contracts.

    Journey: To what extent does the platform allow the user to fully express all the work they have done from start to finish. 
    Additionally, this process should not feel like a burden to perform for the user. It should give the user a sense of fulfilment for adding this level of detail.

    Personality: Platform should allow the user to really make a connection with their experiences. They should have the freedom to really explain how they acquired 
    knowledge and how they applied it to a certain application. This can further be demonstrated via a file upload of their choosing (pdf, .txt, youtube video, etc.) to show 
    what was created after (if applicable). For example, a computer engineering creates a circuit on a breadboard and makes a YouTube video displaying 
    its functionality and then on OnRamp they can make a connection with how they applied their knowledge to be able to construct and operate said project.

OnRamp (4.50)
	The OnRamp homepage will be very user-friendly. It will explain to the user what our platform is about, and a breakdown and walkthrough on how to start. 
	Our design should have little to no blank spaces, be very informative, and should catch the attention of users. 
	OnRamp will allow users with common interests/professions to connect and exchange information (their experiences etc.) to develop professional and/or social contracts. 
	The journey and personality feature will give that freedom and connection to the users that other platforms don’t really offer. 
	They will feel invested and interested in the profile they are creating.

LinkedIn (3.33) https://www.linkedin.com/ 
	LinkedIn seems to not have a very informative homepage (from a new user standpoint). Although, the design is clean, simple, and cut up in small sections
	with clickable text, links, and bubbles/buttons, but it does not quickly inform a person what they need to accomplish to quickly get up and running on their profile.
	It has good usability because it allows the user to add additional information, but it seems tedious, and it was difficult to figure out how to add information.
	As for journey and personality, this platform seems to not really give the user an urge to become invested. Networking on this platform is outstanding, 
	it allows the user to search fellow users, lets you message them, and it lets you look for jobs. So, from a networking standpoint, it seems like an all-in-one. 

Handshake (3.67) https://joinhandshake.com/ 
	The Handshake homepage (as a new user) is really well done, its informative and as for the design, it is colorful, not many blank spaces
	and seems that it would attract users. After becoming a user, the rest of the pages you navigate are less attractive (a lot of white spaces). 
	As for usability, it seems only students can access this platform, meaning a .edu profile is required. The profile building isn’t as elaborate 
	and visually pleasing as OnRamp would be and how LinkedIn sort of is. The networking is fair because it allows the user to message 
	and get messaged by companies and jobs, although it doesn’t allow for user collaboration/connectivity. 
	Doesn’t seem that the user can really make a connection with the journey and knowledge they’ve gathered and how they were able to apply their knowledge, 
	hence, what experience did they gain and upload a demo to support it.

Indeed (1.83) https://www.indeed.com/
	Homepage has many white blank spaces, doesn’t guide the user properly on how to create a profile, does not feel user-friendly. 
	Design is poor, lackluster, seems it would steer away users than bring them in. Usability: anyone can join, page transitions are quick.
	Difficult to begin profile building. Almost forces user to input a resume. New users may be confused on how to create a resume/present their knowledge.
	Usability is poor because it is not user-friendly. For the last two features, doesn’t seem to be present here. 
	You’re just adding info for a job instead of really connecting your knowledge with your work.

Sumry (3.67) https://sumry.me/# 
	Homepage/Design: For the most somewhat user-friendly, explains briefly how the platform works, and has some graphics and color. 
	Some images are hard to see unless you click on them, they seem cluttered, and there are some big white spaces. 
	Usability: anyone can join, page transitions seem quick. Networking: seems like people can find your page/profile 
	but doesn’t not seem like you can direct message other users. As for the last two features, it seems you can talk about your experiences and skills 
	and how you have applied them in the real world. You can see the personality in some examples like: http://www.dayoolopade.com/ 

AngelList (2.00) https://angel.co/ 
	Homepage has many white blank spaces, doesn’t guide the user properly on how to create a profile, does not feel user-friendly. 
	Design is poor, lackluster, seems it would steer away users than bring them in. Usability: anyone can join, page transitions are quick. 
	Networking: just like handshake, it focuses more on connecting you to jobs instead of fellow colleagues. 
	Only allows you and the company to get connected and messaging. For the last two features, doesn’t seem to be present here. 
	You’re just adding info for a job instead of really connecting your knowledge with your work. 
    
Planned Advantages:
	OnRamp is all about the journey. Many portfolio creating sites just seem to ask the user to input information mindlessly, 
	but our platform focuses on really encouraging the user to make connections with the knowledge they have gained, how it affected them, 
	and how they’ve applied it. Most of the other sites are a sort of an “end point” in the sense that you are looking for a job,
	but what about the people that are just starting out, or self-learners? 
	Our platform allows its users to bridge the gap from START to FINISH (full journey/timeline/progress). 
	What this means is the users has the freedom to start from wherever they want and begin documenting their journey. 
	As a result, if a company is interested in you, this platform will really put your personality on display. Other platforms, 
	it seems difficult to have your profile standout among the rest, but that’s the beauty of OnRamp, it allows you to keep track of what you learned, 
	document products created with the knowledge obtained, and show what type of person you are too. 
	This platform will make the “end point” easier to display to companies when looking for jobs.
